# [Monday], October 31st 1pm (Zoom)
# 30 minutes Quick Sync (Week 6)

### Attendance
- [x] Divyam
- [x] John
- [x] Jason
- [x] Tung
- [x] Hugo
- [x] Thu
- [x] Rachel
- [x] Nina
- [ ] Vedant
- [ ] Yousuf

### Agenda
- Preview for Week 6

## Preview for Week 6
We are going over role assignments. We will split 10 members into 2 groups: Front End and Back End.
- Link to Team Planning Excel sheet: https://ucsdcloud-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/g/personal/dirana_ucsd_edu/ESYJj6yXWdRFvpS-IqNW8gcByvIOZuAhG6sE2YaLzM_sLQ?rtime=v7_UXHq72kg

## Front End
**LEAD**: John \
**Description**: Start working with Figma and creating proper views for all the pages. "Login" 1st priority. Try to think it not only from looks perspective but also implementation feasability. \
**Members**: John, Hieu, Thu, Yining.

## Back End
**LEAD**: Divyam \
**Description**: Start with understanding about how to connect databases with the website using APIs and REST end points. And working with JSON. \
**Members**: Divyam, Vedant, Rachel, Tung, Yousuf, Jason.

**Notes**
- We will have different channels/branches for Front End and Back End. And each of them will also have separate sub-branches/channels for different aspects of the app. 
- We will be drawing these branches out.

## General Notes
- Standup notes are due at **2pm (SAN DIEGO TIME) EVERYDAY** 
- There will be an additional Wednesday meeting as checkup. (time is undecided)
- **Back End and Front End will have their own Slack Channel, please post your questions/concerns/notes in the right channel!** 


# Deadlines
- Front End comes up with design by <em> **Wednesday, November 3rd**</em>.
- Back End learning about APIs and how to connect them by <em> **Wednesday, November 3rd.** </em>
- **Back End only**: Come up with a time you prefer for "coding party" (in person, everyone get together and code and help each other out)
